Update README.md with a Glossary link (#60)
solid/solidcommunity.net: README.md

* Server Management [how-to](https://github.com/solid/solidcommunity.net/wiki)
* Browser [user guide](https://github.com/solid/userguide)

> [Glossary](https://github.com/solid/solidcommunity.net/wiki/Glossary) of frequent terms used in Solid environnemet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Glossary](https://github.com/solid/solidcommunity.net/wiki/Glossary) of terms frequently used in Solid environment.
```
